1. Plagiarism is using somebody else's work or ideas and submitting it as your own on purpose.

2. Please see below four types of plagiarism: 

Direct plagiarism - taking all or part of somebody else's work and using it in your own work directly
or with some slight rewording. Example of this would be copying a paragraph from the book without
without referencing original source. 

Self-plagiarism - using your own, previously published idea, in a new project without referncing.
Example of this could be using a solution build specifically for a past project and using it in your new project without a mention.

Mosaic plagiarism - based on the provided lecture notes it means taking advantage of multiple sources and putting them together, sometimes also rewording and using synonyms, to pretend the work is your own. 
However, after doing some research on this topic I gathered that mosaic plagiarism (also called patchwork) can have two approaches:
"1.Plagiarising One Author or Piece of Text."(https://fixgerald.com/blog/mosaic-plagiarism) and
"2.Using Multiple Sources."(https://fixgerald.com/blog/mosaic-plagiarism)

Please see the example below (https://fixgerald.com/blog/mosaic-plagiarism).

Original source:
“Science knows no country because knowledge belongs to humanity and is the torch which illuminates the world.
Science is the highest personification of the nation because that nation will remain the first which carries the furthest
the works of thought and intelligence.” – Louis Pasteur.

Plagiarised: 
We know how important science is and that without it, we wouldn’t be able to grow and develop.
It’s what makes us human and sets us apart from all the other species.
Science is the highest personification of the nation because that nation will remain the first which carries the furthest
the works of thought and intelligence.”

Accidental plagiarism - getting inspired by somebody else's idea and then copying without realising that you are doing so. 
Example of this would be a group of developers speaking about how to solve a particular problem, which could lead to each 
developer solving this problem using exactly the same solution without realising so. 

3. To avoid plagiarism in my work I will make sure to:
- comment my code if I have based my work on any external source to explain what 
I learnt from it and how I have applied it in my own solution
- add a comment with a reference to any source I used with a description of how it helped me solving the task


References:
Additional Reading - Plagiarism Policy.pdf (2021) obtained as a part of HyperionDev Web Development Bootcamp
Everything You Need to Know About Mosaic Plagiarism (26 Aug 2021) https://fixgerald.com/blog/mosaic-plagiarism

